do you trust birds no why not beaks
beady eyes now you poke you in the eye
I like bird what is your favorite word
from the Star Spangled Banner or o or o
either o in it oh and yeah ' in the ER
yeah good here's a good choice yeah is
it different if you had to get a tattoo
of one of the women on the view which
one would you choose whoopee whoopee
mm-hmm I will be I think she look great
the dreadlocks on my butt cheek let's do
that let's put whoopee on your butt
let's live a little a whoopee cushion -
whoopee - we'll be and to your butt we
can't wait Johnnie Walker Black the
answer to all of life's ridiculous
questions for more ridiculousness
watch Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at
11:35